Chenchen, you are mom's only treasure
I don't agree. The money can be sent away.
What about yours?
It's all feudal superstition
Oh, Chen Wen.
Do you think I think so?
There you go.
You heard what the fortune teller said just now
We never got pregnant
It is because the life of summer is too hard to carve
We only sent him to your brother temporarily.
Will we bring him back when we have a son?
You don't want a son anymore
All right.
What's the matter, mom, I don't want your uncle's house
Do you not love me anymore?
How could my mother not love you anymore?
You are mom's only treasure
Summer, you better not let me know it's you
Otherwise, I'll take the matter of you being handsome since you were a child
Say to see you go
concubine
You come back in summer, you always make us angry these days.
Do you know how much your mother loves you?
In order to give birth to you, I also fell into confinement disease
But I'd rather he never gave birth to me
Do you think I want to give birth to you?
If I had known you would be so nasty today
I should have strangled you in the first place
Humph
You're rotten as shit
Why should we be pointed at?
I've had enough of this.
Get out of my house today
I'm not leaving
I want to spend this year with you